welcome to this very special AMA that
we're doing testing out some new
technology here and super excited to
have everybody join thank you guys all
for showing up we are going to be I know
we pre-selected some people I don't know
if we're also going to be able to take
some people just in the feed but people
are gonna be joining me and asking their
questions if you're gonna be asking a
question my only ask is that you keep it
nice and concise and have your question
ready oftentimes people are caught off
guard somehow so happy question ready
nice and incise will answer it and then
we will bounce I have a very hard stop
at 6:00 so we will be going for an hour
and then we'll be beating everyone fair
well but thank you guys all for joining
me super excited to have you here we got
Denver in the house Tennessee in the
house everybody UK UK UK what are you
doing are you up really early or you up
really late Croatia we got two am going
menu you guys don't play around
super good to have everybody here
everybody is making the most out of
their time and quarantine and following
Lisa Billy's advice and making sure that
you're doing something during this time
to be able to look back on this with
fond memories and not just feeling
trapped and stuck wherever you're at not
just lounging in the anxiety that I know
a lot of people are going to be feeling
but doing things that are fun that are
going to give you some powerful memories
learning a new skill would also be my
recommendation for the people saying
that you miss AMAs thank you very much
very kind I miss doing them so here we
go gonna be able to do it alright Jeremy
if you want to bring in the first person
that would be amazing
there we go good this quarantine very
amazing Kate you look like a gamer is
that because I have played destiny which
I know you play since I listened to your
podcast I I play destiny fiendishly yeah
an amount that I don't think people
would really believe or how seriously I
take it I have actually considered
twitch streaming so yeah yeah that would
be a lot of fun I am not good
but I really really enjoy all that
matters really yes you should fire away
what's your question
so I ride horses that's my main passion
I went to school to support that passion
for graphic design I do have a passion
for design but horses are my main thing
so I've kind of struggled between what
path I should be pursuing whether I
should be trying to build up my
freelance business as a graphic designer
to support my writing or to go full
fledge into the horse business into the
horse industry whether that's mucking
out stalls whatever I need to do and I
do showjumping so that's when you
actually go into the arena with the
horse and jump over fences and a
specific track so yeah I I ride my horse
before work unfortunate was laid off due
to covin but I was riding in the morning
we'd go to my full-time job then come
home rinse and repeat but I've always
had that passion for horses and working
with them here's how I would think of it
this is where you're gonna have to be
really honest with you not what other
people will resonate with or what they
want to do but what what do you really
want to do so for instance when I just
graduated film school there was one
thing that I knew and that was I was not
interested in being a starving artist so
me and a friend started at the same time
and he was perfectly happy to work his
way up and he did and he spent a lot of
years in abject poverty and he ended up
making a couple films and he loved it he
was having such a great time and so I
was always like wow man that's rad like
it isn't the path I would want to be on
like watching him struggle the way that
he struggled wasn't what I was
interested in but coming out of the gate
he was way farther ahead of me making
films and being on set and all of that
and so it came down to I had done enough
work on set to know that wasn't
something that interested in me so I was
just being really honest with myself in
the beginning I was so obsessed with
getting wealthy that that really drove
and I mean look I'm sure you know my
story it unfortunately it was a lot of
years making stupid decisions just
around money and if I
had to do it over again what I would do
is I would go to the person who's living
my ideal life and then I would be very
willing now to trade instead of making
money out of the gate I would trade that
period of my life were being poor is
very okay for the knowledge and
connections which is not what
unfortunately my friend was doing he was
just sort of blindly trying to be a
director so it was like really small
bunch of stuff that he was very
frustrated by so that I think is makes a
lot of sense but it comes down to and
nobody can answer this for you like
where would you rather struggle so you
know what the struggle looks like to
have a job that pays for you to be
basically a horse weekend warrior would
you rather your whole life be that would
you rather your whole life be struggling
at you know mucking out stalls but being
around horses because you have to assume
that you get trapped in the struggle and
wherever you're more comfortable being
trapped is the area to pursue now of
course you're gonna do everything in
your power not to get trapped but once
you realize oh like getting trapped here
would be far more interesting to me than
being trapped there so I knew that I
would actually rather be in control of
my destiny
learning how to build businesses and
when I was a quest I never thought I was
going to leave quest I thought it was I
referred to it as my forever company and
I was passionate about it I was totally
on fire so that ended up being once I
stopped focusing on money and I started
focusing on value and passion and all
that it was [__] amazing and if I had
struggled at that forever I would have
been extraordinarily happy now the same
thing in building impact theory it's
like were we're so far from what I
actually want impact theory to be but if
I were stuck here forever I would be
wildly exuberant about my life so it's
it's knowing where you would be happy
stuck and if you'd be happy stuck
mucking stalls do it if you'd be happy
hey my basic needs are taken care of you
know and at a time of kovat I don't say
that lightly I think a lot of people are
about to enter a phase where they don't
need a bunch of rah rah um chase your
dreams they need get a roof over your
head yeah yet a job that allows you to
eat and those are gonna be very real
things and I don't diminish that so
that you know that there's no wrong
answer because you can always change
direction so now is the time right you
lost your job
so hey now's the time to go spend that
time mucking stalls and see how you feel
about it yeah very quickly bring into
reality what that struggle is gonna feel
like yeah yeah I've talked to some
people in the industry already too and
they all do say it's hard work and I do
take pride in my work ethic because I am
a very hard worker and I'm a
perfectionist which is a what Jule is
even talking about on your episode today
is it can be a downfall and so I've been
trying to take pride in what I'm doing
but also be open to pushing myself and
putting myself in scenarios that aren't
perfect per se but I actually find
meditation too and cleaning tack and
cleaning stalls like most people might
not but I definitely have a little bit
more direction with this sell now I'd be
very careful with some of the words you
just said our traps okay so if you're if
you're valuing yourself for being a hard
worker and being disciplined and willing
to grind you may end up doing something
you hate that is exactly how I ended up
spending almost 10 years chasing money
because I was so willing to suffer and
and I prided myself on my willingness to
suffer and look I don't want to paint a
false picture I ended up being
successful precisely because I was able
to do that so all the knowledge that I
gained during what is really one of the
darkest periods of my life ended up you
know me reaping massive benefit out of
it so you just have to be so careful if
what you're proud of is anything other
than the sincere pursuit of your goal
you could really be in trouble and
hiding in the word sincere is that you
recognize that that you are making
progress or you're not so if you know
what your goal is to have a life where
you're earning a living with horses
you're way ahead of most people most
people do not know what they want so
that at least gives you something to aim
at and now it's about sincerely pursuing
don't value yourself for being a hard
worker it is valuable but don't value
yourself for it if that makes sense it
is it is merely a tool got it thank you
so much absolutely good luck with
everything
thank you alright Jeremy who you got for
me that was wonderful
by the way her question was bang smack
nice and concise alright what is up I
don't see your name for some okay yeah
that's Thomas okay that's nice and easy
what can I do for you man well Tom
thanks for having me by the way
appreciate it works well so my question
is I just turned 27 like two days ago
and I feel like I really have much to
show for it
wow you look 21 that is crazy
thanks I get that a lot uh-huh but I I
don't feel like I've given my best
effort in a lot of things my main
passion is music absolutely love it it's
one thing that I and I wake up and I
think of all the time I've taken in the
past few years and built my own home
studio and all that and I love writing a
love recording but I feel like I have
the hardest time just kind of
maintaining consistency and I guess
maintaining drive I've done I'll stop
you there if this is something that a
million people struggle with so one on
that I will say you don't want it enough
so that that is always in forever truly
the gospel answer when somebody doesn't
have the drive to be consistent you
don't want it badly enough now you've
got to decide whether you want to follow
the process of building that desire in
your life or not but you're gonna have
to make it an all-consuming obsession if
you don't make it an all-consuming
obsession you are always going to sort
of dip in and out you'll be consistent
sometimes and not others
again it's a process so it really is
just deciding whether you're going to go
down the process of building that
obsession or not which maybe you want to
maybe you don't maybe where your life is
absolutely fine gonna set that aside for
a second the game I want to play with
you right now something that's been
really powerful for me which is imagine
for a second like really think about
what this would be like imagine that
everything in your life up to this very
second is all just the matrix they they
just plug you in in this moment all of
your memories are fake
all of this notion of not being
consistent for crass donating being 27
having wasted some period of that it's
all [__] it is literally just the
sort of memory stack that they've given
you to
propel you forward so you can decide to
lament over that which is what most
people do and the procrastination is
largely borne out of I'm not being
efficient enough with my time I'm not
being good enough and now you're
actually spending cycles that you could
be writing music recording music you're
spending it worrying about whether
you're performing at a high enough level
for me it lets me off the hook to go all
of that's [__] none of that's real I
don't need to beat myself up or feel bad
I need only ask myself one simple
question what's my goal moving forward
and what I'm trying to do is shift you
out of looking backwards into looking
forwards who gives a [__] like if even
if you really did waste 27 years it
doesn't [__] matter the only thing
that matters is moving forward and so as
cheesy as it is the only thing that any
of us have is right now this minute and
what could you do in this minute that
would be the most fulfilling if it is
building bigger desire into the music
and really trying to accomplish
something and there's something there
that really [__] mean something to
you then cool we can make it about
accomplishment through music right so to
give you an idea of how I turn impact
Theory from a want into a burning
[__] need which by the way if if
people in the feed have not yet watched
the video you can go to youtube and
search Tom Beal you plus masterplan you
search that out you're gonna get a video
and you will see the end state the end
emotional state of what happens when you
go through the process of building
desire so what I had to do was tie my
desire to build the next Disney to
something that really means something to
me at like a purpose and life standpoint
because winning an Academy Award does
not being able to say that I built the
next Disney does not but making sure
that no kid ever makes it to the age of
15 without encountering a growth mindset
that does and I could tie that to this
kid that I used to Big Brother four for
eight and a half years that I feel like
I failed and it was a whole process I
didn't think about having failed him
literally until like five years ago I
thought of like oh I showed this kid
that somebody loved him and at least I
made that contribution and then it was
only needing to reframe it to build
desire that I thought you know as much
as I did show him that somebody loved
him I didn't help him escape that his
zip code so your zip code is the largest
predictor of your future success and
that certainly ended up being true for
him he grew up in South Central Los
Angeles
worship codes in America and he has
ended up struggling profoundly and so I
didn't help him in any way avoid that
and so I went from hey I helped this kid
realize that somebody loved him too yes
but I ended up not doing the one thing
that I really give a [__] about now at
the time I didn't have any of these
ideas so I'm going to the process of
reassociate impacto he what it could be
associated that with the purpose and
meaning of helping make sure that nobody
ever gets trapped by their zip code
right and I spend time talking about
this and embodying it really feeling it
and then it starts to become real and
for anybody by the way that if you guys
want to know exactly how I did that it
would take me far more than the
remaining 45 minutes that we have to
give you more than the nutshell that I
just gave you I'm Jeremy
we can let's give everybody free access
to mindset 101 so if anybody's watching
here we'll put a link up on the screen
you guys can get access to mindset 1-1
for free it's a class that I teach as a
part of impact Theory University on on a
lot of things but one of them being the
process of how to build desire so I
highly encourage you guys to check that
out but that ultimately men realizing
that the desire to be great at music is
a process you weren't born with it right
if you've been born 15,000 years ago it
didn't exist
that wasn't a career path right I always
tell people if Steve Jobs had been born
10,000 years ago I promise you while he
would have the exact same DNA he would
not have dreamed of building the iPhone
right that's that's contextual to the
era that he grew up in
so it's he things began to be associated
and whether that was something that
happened accidentally when he was young
or something that he did intentionally
as he got older it is a process and so
grabbing hold of that process and
building that passion in your life will
be the thing that ultimately propels you
out of bed so I I don't want to keep you
too long but um say real quick if I'm
lacking direction if I have never had a
mentor what would be the first thought
that you would take in order to find
something like that you need well so I
wouldn't worry about that what I would
do is I would do virtual mentors you
YouTube listen YouTube changed [__]
everything everything you've ever wanted
to know how to break into the music
industry how to write a song how to
[__]
the home studio all of it there are so
many videos you could never watch them
all so it when people say the year the
average of the five people you spend the
most time with or a mentor is so
powerful go get a virtual one right so
even right now dude do you know how much
I charge for an hour of my time I ran
them out this is so gross that I don't
talk about it very often I make twice
the average salary in the US I make
twice that annual salary for a single
hour of my time and yet here you are
you're getting this access to me to be
able to ask questions dude there are
dozens of people that you can get this
level of access to right now we are
living in the most insane time [__]
ever and so go out find the people who
you that are just killing it they're
doing what you want to do some
percentage of them are out there putting
out content you can watch just the
videos or if they do something live but
go and engage people are pouring their
[__] secrets out to the universe for
free so it becomes a question of are you
actually taking information in and then
are you putting it to use immediately my
superpowers when I learned something I
use it that [__] day so that's it man
okay and then look if you can add value
to somebody's life then you can truly
get them as a mentor but I really
wouldn't worry about that okay drink in
the free information it will change your
[__] life if you use it use it Thank
You Tom I really appreciate it for sure
man thank you take care all right
you too all right next up let's keep
chugging what's your name it's not
Danielle all right thank you my question
is this I am crushing almost every
aspect of my life pursuing art have a
great day job single mom of two
beautiful kids I have a surprising level
of resistance when it comes to exercise
I just don't do it I hate exercise I
feel better when I do it but that isn't
enough to convince me to do it David
I have reminders I've scheduled it I
have my impact three journal and then
when the time comes to do it I just
don't show up I find a million reasons
or a million things more important to
you I even think to myself Wow
you're killing your
avoiding exercise I just can't get there
I have no real power to be physically
fit but I want to be magically fit how
can I overcome my resistance you have
one or two of your best mental tricks to
make yourself do something you
absolutely freakin hate yes so I hate
exercising too so tired I have the
answers you seek so just like Thomas
here's the truth whenever you can't get
yourself to do something there's one
simple answer you don't want it you know
period end of story
that's it so whatever things you're
using I want to live a longer life I
want to be here for my kids like
whatever no you don't care enough about
those things to actually show them
[__] do it
so one just starting with that right
this I have a desire problem I don't
want this thing enough so for instance I
could look like a magazine cover model
there is it would not violate the laws
of physics okay I think we can all agree
to that but I don't so then the question
becomes why don't I and the answer is
because I don't want it enough I don't
maybe [__] enough to look like that
there are other things in my life that I
want more so now it becomes a question
of either tie it to something you do
wants enough so that like man if you
have kids and you want to start building
an obsession about being there for them
when they're older or whatever or being
stronger let's pretend that you have a
14 year old son and you're like [__]
this kid I'm gonna be stronger than this
kid and now you've got this challenge to
do where yo this can be this really fun
thing with my son we're both gonna go to
the gym I'm gonna try to get stronger
than him like it will be a blast and now
you're it's about that right it's about
spending the time on your son it's Braun
trying to get stronger than him and
having the back and forth knowing if I
push him like this is really gonna be
valuable for him right I'm tapping into
all the mother stuff that we're mothers
will literally live their entire lives
for somebody else before they know for
themselves but if that's what you have
to do to hook into this thing that is
ultimately a behavior that you want then
that we do but you have to own and admit
that this is a desire problem and then
decide do I want to care more about this
yes or no and if you don't then you just
have to accept I'm gonna die younger
than I did otherwise I'm not overweight
but I want to look fine right but now at
least you're not conflicted that like
nothing makes me more sad than an obese
person eating ice cream
the corner like they don't want somebody
to see it's like [__] it if you want to
be obese be obese if you want to eat ice
cream eat ice cream like when I say zero
judgment but be honest about what that
means right there are certain
consequences but if you're gonna need
ice cream [__] enjoy it so on days
where I don't go to the gym I don't beat
myself up like [__] yeah like I'm doing
something else that I enjoy more
I completely understand the consequences
I go to the gym the exact amount that I
give a [__] about the gym and if I want
to go to the gym more then I flip a
switch and like I was gonna do a
six-pack challenge I'm going into the
summer and I was challenging one of my
employees who started riding his bike to
work every day and I was like this
[__] theses got something and if
they give me that like competition that
I needed it excited about it and have
fun with it and then of course
coronavirus hit and so I thought well do
I still care enough about it answer was
no I'm probably not going to be at pool
parties this summer so [__] and
that's just being honest right so you
need to have that level of honesty
decide what it is that you want be real
about what you give up be real about
what you could get and then you have to
feed into that to get obsessed about it
and that process of getting obsessed is
a process right it starts with telling
your friends or your spouse or your kids
or whatever hey I'm gonna do this thing
I'm gonna lose this much weight or I'm
gonna get this strong or whatever is the
thing that you care about and that's
gonna force you into a corner of
congruence right now you've got to do it
because you've been saying that
otherwise you can feel super [__]
weird about it
and so you can leverage those sort of
mental tricks against yourself to get
you into the desire pattern where you
want it bad enough to actually see it
through but until you address a desire
never gonna happen being on here might
be good enough what do you mean by that
I mean coming on your life might be and
telling enough people that I'm gonna do
it
to be enough I will tell you this you
haven't told people you're gonna do it
yet and if you're losing words like
might it's never gonna happen yeah we
tell you the the day I decided that I
was gonna change my physique that
[__] day I had a dinner with like
eight or nine people and I said yo I'm
gonna tell you all right now a year from
now I'm gonna be bigger than Hugh
Jackman and that was my obsession and I
was telling everybody who would listen
and then when I started actually doing
the work
I was like this sucks I won't do this
anymore and I was like but I've already
told people so now I've got it like
[__] keep up with this and so if
you're going to leverage this you need
to tell everybody in the feed that
you're going to do it which this is not
pressure to do that yeah I am going to
be in a bikini next summer on the beach
you guys are here for all right Jeremy
Jeremy make sure that we get her contact
info we need to follow up and make sure
that this [__] is real it is otherwise
otherwise so alright make sure Jeremy's
got your info tell more people than this
cuz these people don't know you you'd be
able to hide from us there's gonna be
people in your life you can't hide from
you want to make those proclamations to
those people I will thank you word thank
you thanks for coming on all right
motivation comes down to desire alright
what's up what's up man what's your name
Omar Omar
welcome my man thank you thanks for
doing this a hundred percent dude what
are you wearing I'm wearing a blue
t-shirt
okay look like scrubs and I was about to
say if you're working in in a hospital
then all the world so just burn up
that's it so my question for you tom was
the following for somebody who has a lot
of aspirations ambitions and want to
achieve a lot of goals what is the
importance of actually setting aside
time to do things just for fun purely
unproductive say watch a movie play
video game do you think in supporting to
schedule those in in your weekly and
daily routine because it's gonna allow
you to be more productive when you're
gonna get to actually work or should you
do them on an as-needed basis if I can
go weeks and months just work it on my
goals and go and have then you know so
be it
what do you think I think at the end of
the day the only thing that matters is
is your life full of joy do you love
what you're doing now having said that
when for almost 20 years I was so driven
in like a maniacal feeling good about
myself this is the most amazing [__]
ever
I was just goal oriented
and even though my goal was to build a
film studio for almost 15 years I I
wouldn't watch more than probably two
movies a month I was just [__] all-in
on winning of being entrepreneur
controlling my destiny learning how to
build skill set I was intoxicated by it
and because it was so powerful man you
can't imagine how psychotic I was about
going from the bottom to the top like yo
this is in my control I can do this [__]
nobody gets to stop me I just have to
outwork people you gotta be [__]
joking the fact that it came down to
that that I could just outperform people
I could put in more hours work that [__]
lit me on fire in a way that carries
through my life forever like it's who
you are nobody can take away from you
and your willingness to grind and all
that is super [__] powerful now I was
doing it because it brought joy to my
life whatever is gonna bring the most
joy to your life is the thing you should
do not happiness not momentary happiness
right I'd probably just be on meth or
heroin if I was just steering by
momentary like what feels
neurochemically good in this moment
fulfillment joy is is a far more robust
thing that oftentimes comes out of some
suffering but let me tell you right now
during quarantine I'm taking time to
hang out with my wife my sister things
that would normally let myself do cuz
otherwise this is just gonna be a
frustrating time right at first I was
just like [__] this is gonna slow the
business down super pissed off about
that and then Lisa had a brilliant idea
which was hey let's do things it'll make
us look back on this time and be like yo
that was one of the coolest things ever
and I thought that sounded like genius
so we started mixing it up experimenting
with new things and now I try to do
things that always work double duty so
I'm building movie studio so of course
I'm gonna watch films I'm gonna watch
anime I'm gonna read comic books all
things that feed into my ability to
build that so for me true joy and
fulfillment always comes from when
something is goal oriented like I've
spent so much of my life orienting
myself towards goals but within that
framework I'm doing things like playing
video games watching a movie reading a
comic book and trying to learn from it
trying to grow trying to get better
trying to understand trends and what's
popping off and all of that but it's
been really really fun so it's being
honest about what is the life that's
going to bring you the deepest level of
fulfillment and then
whatever the [__] that is right right
right
and so when you speak about you know
having joy while you're going through
this process does that mean that if I
have a goal and want to achieve it it
should feel like fun while I'm trying to
achieve it like how do you merge
hardwork and you know having fun um how
do you balance it - do you always feel
like you're having fun at the end of the
day or sometimes you feel like man my
heart but I got to do it 100% so Jeff
Bezos
the founder of Amazon I think said it
best when he said look every job no
matter how much you love it every single
job has overhead there are gonna be
things you don't enjoy about it there
are many things that I [__] hate about
building impact Theory do hate and it's
like math do I believe in what I'm
building enough am I on fire enough is
it fulfilling enough to fight through
this yes and let me tell you right now
if you're wired like me and you've taken
the time to build up the desire I want
to win I want my name to echo through
the halls of humanity forever
now admittedly I don't think about
legacy but I think about playing right
now today in a way where I'm acting at
such a high performance level that I can
win like that dominate like that be one
of the best that ever lived like that
[__] feeds me even if I fail like
honestly I don't care what I value
myself for is playing like that going
after it to that level so not everything
I do is fun in fact a huge swath of what
I do just feels like [__] grind work
but that fulfillment is often born out
of suffering right doing that much like
going to the gym because it gives me an
end result that I want I do it and
because I so value becoming more
powerful turning more of my potential
into actual skillset for me it's [__]
thrilling to be able to put my head down
and outwork other people and look just
straight up I derive an enormous amount
of pride out of being willing to work
harder than other people just straight
up and I'm not saying that's good or bad
I'm just saying I've done things to my
mind to make that intensely pleasurable
so there's a great story about Kobe
Bryant Jay Williams came on impact there
and he told this incredible story and he
said you know he was playing the Lakers
that day this was
when he was on the Bulls playing the
Lakers gets to the gym super early and
thinks you know he walks onto the floor
and thinks oh man I'm gonna be the only
one here I'm gonna show these guys would
have means to work hard and he said as
he approached the court he could hear
somebody dribbling the ball and he was
like yo is [__] Kobe and Kobe was
moving like game level moves and like in
a sweat he was like how long has he been
out here Jay does his whole workout
totally forgets the Kobe's there does
his whole workout [__] kills himself
and then he's like okay I'm done and
realizes Kobe still going means I'm
right the [__] and so he goes in after
the game he goes up to Kobe means like
yo what were you doing like why were you
on the court for so long and Kobe said
look man nothing personal I just had to
let you know that you were never gonna
outwork me and I was like yeah damn and
there's a reason that he becomes one of
the greatest of all time there's a
reason that Jordan had a similar work
ethic there's a reason to Wayne Wade as
a similar work ethic right Tim Grover
talks about all these guys and he said
the best of the best what he calls a
cleaner they just they they're they are
so obsessed with winning that people are
worried about them and so it's like dude
look if you want to be fulfilled and win
to build your level of desire around out
working everybody that sincere pursuit
of wanting to be one of the greatest
again doesn't matter if you actually
achieve it the sincere pursuit
meaning you don't [__] yourself on
days where you didn't do it you only you
didn't do it you don't feel good about
it but on days we really go all out even
if you lost then you're gonna feel good
about that
you're gonna reward yourself emotionally
because you committed to going all-in
and you went all-in if you do that
that's how you win that's how you become
one of the greats and that's like I'm
always trying to like walk this line of
look don't grind like I grind just to be
able to say oh I admire Tom and so
grinding like him is the right thing to
do it's not if you don't [__] love it
I love it I'm all-in
that's my like whole shtick I've spent
20 years building a mindset around how
to win like that and make it joyful even
if I failed every step of the way so it
ultimately is about fulfillment but let
me tell you want extraordinary [__]
path to fulfillment and building the
life that you want to build is by
building an obsession around being one
of the greats right right that's
excellent
thanks very much for the information my
pleasure Omar Thank You Man
thank you all right
hello hello sir how are you I'm good man
how you doing
do I see what what son sure my man thank
you so much
I know that there is no staying at home
for firefighters so brother man thank
you thank you thank you if you haven't
already or go ahead if I get a car do
you have to bail but hopefully they
don't I completely understand hey for
front line responders you can get free
access to all of impact theory
University so make sure you ping Jeremy
we will get you set up for free as just
a thank you for what you're doing man
it's [__] incredible
yeah greatly appreciate it 100%
obviously I'm firefighter I love my
career I'm very fulfilled with my career
but something's missing the great thing
about the fact that something's missing
is I know that you know I've got that
entrepreneur mindset and I want to do
something else and because of my job I'm
24 on 48 hours off I have a lot of time
I've got the security because I'm not
gonna leave this job to you know to rely
on this job and I'm just trying to
figure out now I'm 47 years old what is
it that I do
I've known you've talked about it so
many times I guess really in your words
how do i how do i you know how to fan
the fuel i fan the flames and passion i
think is exactly how you call it you
know I'm trying to figure out what am I
supposed to be doing in life I love what
I do I love saving people I could
promote I could become a captain it's
just I don't have the passion for the
job in that sense anymore I feel like
there's more I'm supposed to be doing if
that makes sense
100% so there's two things that are
important to recognize here one is what
do I do and the other is how do I turn
that into a raging inferno of desire so
step number one is you need to play you
need to explore if you're gonna give
yourself over to something and really go
all-in on it have this next phase of
your life you want to make sure that
it's something that is you're building a
passion based on something that's real
so it's
I don't think people are born with
passions but I do think that we're born
in we're wired in such a way that
certain things will we will respond to
in a way that maybe somebody else does
and then also just the way that we were
raised and so you're gonna respond to
something that somebody else won't just
based on your life experiences so going
out and finding what are the things that
I respond to what are the things that
get me just they give me more energy
than they take it's not a passion yet
it's just something I'm interested in to
find that you're gonna have to explore
you're gonna have to figure out then
when you understand that it's what I
call the world of so my brother-in-law
for instance is [__] obsessed with
soccer
now when I say obsessed dude I I mean
I'm actually worried about him like for
the good kind of obsessed where he's so
all in it's terrifying so my thing is
like dude you you maybe you go be an
accountant for a soccer club but be in
the world of soccer you need to be
around it where the posters on the wall
are about soccer
the overheard conversations are about
soccer it's just you're so into it that
would be deeply pleasurable for you like
when I was at Quest I always had an
alarm bell about the fact that I didn't
care when I went to a trade show I
didn't care like I never would have gone
to the Arnold or the Olympia if I wasn't
the founder of quest right I knew that's
where my audience was the people that I
wanted to serve and influencers are
there and it's great for business but I
literally spent sleeving quest I haven't
gone to a single one but while I was at
Quest I was always interested in film I
was always going to Comic Cons and
things like that was like whatever the
next business is I'm gonna be in the
world of where I see comics as a part of
my job I see film and TV and video games
as a part of my job those are things
that I want to be in the world of now I
had to go through a process of becoming
obsessed with building that right so
that was a based on an interest based on
something that I knew gave me more
energy than it took but I had to insert
the kid that I big brothers for and then
all the employees that I had at Quest
and say okay I'm gonna make my mission
through storytelling to make sure nobody
ever gets to the age of 15 without
encountering growth mindset okay
that was how I made it the mission and
the purpose of my life but it was based
on an area that was already an interest
that I knew I wanted to be in the world
of
so find that world of that you know you
want to be in then find the job within
that or the company that you want to
start the people that you want to serve
because you're gonna need mission and
purpose that that's just what fills the
human spirit man right not hard for
somebody who rescues people for a living
like obviously when you run into a
[__] burning building you have a
pretty strong reason Who I am what this
means why I show up every day you need
that same level of I would run into a
burning building for this [__] on the
other side right so I wouldn't run into
a burning building dedicate all my time
for this to build the next Disney just
to say that I built the next Disney but
I would to you know save these kids who
are on a trajectory where their zip code
is going to determine their success even
now dude as I'm telling you that even
now it makes me want to [__] get off
this call and go work because that's
like when I'm reminded of why I'm doing
this like I have the chills right now it
it's it does something to your neural
chemistry it gives you that energy they
say I want those two pills I mean I have
those chills like you said on a call
when I'm about to go do my job I want
those chills it's the simple process
what world do I want to be a part of
what is the business or the the role
that I want to play in this world of and
then to build the level of desire that I
need what what is that purpose how am I
going to associate something so
meaningful to me that I'm willing to
dedicate my life to it because if you're
gonna start a business it's gonna be
hard hard hard hard and so there really
has to be a ton of meaning and purpose
and look the whole process of gaining a
passion is something that I talk about
which we saw the link up obviously you
can get access to all of impact Theory
University for anybody else get the
mindset 101 class I talk about how to
build a passion so it's a process right
all of this stuff is a process don't
worry if you don't yet know other than
firefighting what's going to give you
the chills you're gonna go to the
process of developing that so that you
know after a year of focusing on that
building skill set pursuing it engaging
with it then it really will give you the
chills right that that truly is a
process I do appreciate it thank you
hundred percent man thank you for
everything you do thank you for the
question
stay safe loading loading hello hello
welcome I'm good how you doing
hey Heather welcome excellent far away
what's your question my question was
just around you know it's just we're all
focused on surviving this and we're all
hunkered down but really what can we do
what kind of tools and things like that
can we have to do to thrive really to
thrive more and like in my case I'm I'm
home alone family please are distributed
and so I'm doing walks and I'm a
musician and I work so it's good but but
just really thriving and staying
connected what what kind of tools do you
do recommend yeah so you've got a few
different things in there so number one
feeding the human desire for connection
I think is going to be really really
critical if you're home alone right now
so even doing this right like you and I
are seeing each other we can look in
each other's eyes there's a level of
connection that you can get virtually
that I think is really powerful now we
don't know each other so it's not gonna
be as meaningful as connecting with a
good friend or a family member but one
thing Lisa and I are doing is we
schedule time so at 6 o'clock the reason
I have a hard stop is because we've
scheduled a virtual double date with
some friends that we'll do over Skype
and we'll spend you know 30 minutes an
hour just hanging out chit-chatting it's
not something we record or anything like
that it's legitimately just you know we
have these friendships and we don't want
them to atrophy during this time and you
know we want to laugh and feel connected
and all that so that's very important
and if I were living alone I would be
doing something like that 4 to 7 times a
week minimum so really taking the time
to connect
now I hate phones but I know how
important it is so it's better than
nothing and if you can do it over Skype
so you can actually see them or zoom
much more powerful and then barring that
at least tuning into lives and things
like that so that you're with a
community you're engaged with somebody
obviously it's far better if you can
interact even if you can't it's better
than nothing so that's what I would do
on that side the other side is this time
if nothing else you don't have to
commute right now and so taking that
time to build your skill set your
musician amazing on the other side of co
vid let's be you know 2 to 10 times
better than we were coming into it right
taking whatever new time that we have
set a very specific goal and like really
going ham so when you look back on this
time you're like I made the most of that
time it was a beautiful time there's a
great time and also look the world's
about to get [__] weird a lot of
people are gonna lose their jobs we're
at the beginning of something we're not
in the middle or the end and so it is
going to be the people that have the
best skill set that are gonna win and I
hate that that is true
I don't want to see anybody suffer but
this is where it comes down to it you
you have to be the best of the best like
if you're going to thrive on the other
side of this it's gonna be about having
a skill set that other people can't
match so human connection increase your
skill sets those are the two things that
I would say to focus on cool thank you
so much absolutely well I trust me when
I say I look forward to us both getting
back to that but in the meantime you can
listen to me while you walk and but make
sure you take time to connect with your
family well alright thanks for the
question thanks for joining us hello hi
I am doing very well how you guys doing
good
my mom's a big fan of you and um she she
was afraid to come on the camera so she
want to hear to talk
alright well fair enough what's your
mom's name her name is Toni Ann hello
how's it going
where did
hanging out of my room where are you
guys located um Long Island
oh nice and what's your name I'm Johnny
Johnny all right guys it is a pleasure
what is awesome this is my question
so I'm 22 I'm a deterent 23 and a couple
days and I just like in the mix of all
this stuff you know I'm graduating
college I just finished my senior year
and I'm not gonna lie like yeah it's a
little it's a little frightening like
entering the world at this time and I
feel like once you know once things go
back to normal like my I guess you can
say that demographic of people like
everyone graduating college right now
like you know we're all kind of scared I
have a lot of friends who like got their
jobs taken away and stuff and I guess my
question to you is like what advice do
you have for me someone who just
graduated school who doesn't really know
what they want to do with their life you
know what what should I do
alright dude I want to give you the best
advice you're ever gonna get and
goddammit if you take this advice you
were gonna come out the other side of
this way powerful so here is the
terrifying thing about world events they
shape the entire generation that goes
through them depending on what age they
go through it and Ray Dalio talked about
how the generation the greatest
generation that lived through the Great
Depression they ended up missing out on
the economic winds that the baby boomers
took advantage of because they had such
a fear based mentality so I'm gonna give
you a belief that you're gonna need to
repeat in your head over and over and
over and this is gonna save your ass
only do and believe that which moves you
towards your goals being afraid right
now has very limited utility I won't say
that's zero utility because it's gonna
make you take things seriously and
that's good but if you allow the fear to
hardwire if you allow yourself to stay
awake at night worrying about your
future
it won't help it will move you backwards
and even though there's gonna be a part
of your brain that's telling you no no
that guy's out of his mind he doesn't
know what we're going through you need
to think about all the [__] you need to
loop on this you need to be paranoid man
only the paranoid survive and if you
think like that
the fear is going to [__] hardwire
and you're going to go into every thing
with a super defensive posture and you
will end
losing so what you have to do is dude
face the realities we are where we're at
you may need to live with mom for a lot
longer I don't know how mom feels about
that you you she may love it right who
knows but you may need to live with mom
that's absolutely okay you're gonna go
through a period now probably until
you're sort of late 20s called 27 ish
where you can be poor and still get late
so don't feel don't be super paranoid
this this is such a critical period that
I didn't understand when I was young
which is in the beginning if you're
trying to optimize for money money only
spends once knowledge monetizes forever
so right now you want to be thinking
about how can I get so [__] good that
when Quarantine lifts I can not only
outperform other 23 year olds I can
outperform 30 year olds because I
promise you most people are complacent
most people will get consumed by fear it
is gonna be the person who says fear
serves me this much skill acquisition
serves me this much so during this time
I'm gonna put all of my time and energy
into getting good so you can have to
figure out what you want to do so that's
gonna be step number one you're gonna
have to explore a lot of things okay
figure out what what is the world of
things you want to be involved in it is
better to move a hundred miles an hour
in the wrong direction meaning later you
end up changing your mind then standing
still so the one thing we're gonna
absolutely refuse to do what's up my
kitty is going to be standing still
we don't [__] stand still today we
decide what are the five things we're
gonna go explore to see if they're gonna
qualify maybe we say I'll explore ten
things and then I'm gonna pick one of
them better to do that and get moving
look you can always change your mind if
you know three months down the road you
like yeah actually this is boring I
don't like it I don't want to get great
at this then change direction but
basically ask yourself one simple
question what is it that I want to
become the best in the world that and
then give yourself over to that if it
starts it's going to get boring
don't confuse boredom with this is
ultimately not something you want to do
right becoming the greatest whatever
involves a lot of boredom but if you
fight through that boredom you get to
the greatness it'll be worth it if you
have picked something that gives you
more energy than it takes so that'll be
you know find it maybe that's video
games maybe that's sports great
extraordinary careers of all different
and it can be held in video games can be
had in sports and being a t-shirt
whatever like whatever that thing is but
something that gives you more energy
than it takes it it really is that
simple but do do not let yourself get
consumed by fear
you're the fearful voice is gonna pop up
a thousand times a day and each time
you're going to interrupt it with the
following phrase I'm only going to do
and believe that which moves me towards
my goals that's it
fear is not going to serve you say those
words and just interrupt it stay focused
on what's my goal what am I trying to
get great at and go do it because dude
here's a reality if you can outperform
everybody you will win no one will ever
be able to stop you if you can make
other people money you will win forever
and always until the end of time
the reason I'm not afraid [__]
banking collapses I lose every dollar I
know I can build up again they can
outperform other [__] I'm willing to
work people because I know how to like
get hype on winning and did I promise
do not let people freak you out that
like the the madness of crowds as they
call it people are gonna panic they're
gonna freak it's the person who stays
level-headed in the midst of the chaos
that ends up winning only one thing
matters skills get good get your that
advice was so fire it was you take
advice that was calm what do you your
links every day I'll follow you on
Instagram my man I will see you there
I send everything to him what's a Tom
was Billy you bill you how do you spell
all right guys it's bi ly e you my
friend I wish you luck this is gonna be
a powerful time your generation is is
going to struggle with this but if you
can be the one that stays level-headed
you will win you will you got him in
I'll see you on IG oh my god he's uh
what is up hey Tom what's going on
brother not much man what's your name
I'm Robbie Robbie welcome man what can I
answer for you first of all I just want
to tell you thank you so very much for
the opportunity I appreciate I find your
stuff so actionable that I only have to
listen to it in chunks and go do things
because there's there's so much there I
just want to let you know I appreciate
you that is the highest compliment you
could pay me thank you oh you're welcome
so my question is if you were back in
the days of building quests and you were
set in present-day 2020 how would you
take advantage of this opportunity to
build your business in this unique time
I have a small business a healthy home
meal delivery business it's doing very
well right now but how would I you know
how would you capitalize on it so here's
the thing then you have to avoid a
mortality event so what's gonna happen
is you're gonna see a lot of people go
out of business and they always say I
gotta forget who has the exact quote
Peter Thiel I think who says competition
is for suckers now normally the only way
to avoid competition is to go somewhere
where nobody has done that thing before
and that will for always that will
remain forever the gold standard but now
what you're gonna see is people just
can't stay afloat man and they're gonna
go out of business because they don't
take this seriously they don't react
quickly and they're not honest with
themselves about how the world is
changing how you have the market is
changing and so if you can identify that
so what is the value proposition that
you have to people and how did it change
because what's going on right now is
there's basically two avenues that
people can go down they can move towards
pleasure or they can move away from pain
now for the last man 10 years I mean
since since the collapse in 2007
basically everybody's been moving
towards pleasure and now we're in an era
where people are gonna be moving away
from pain you don't have to change your
product you just have to understand how
to reposition it to get people to
understand how it's going to provide
safety or stability without knowing your
product it gets hard to be too specific
but that is what you want to do
understand how the world is shifting
make sure that you shift with them make
sure that you avoid the mortality event
which is the
one thing most people will not be able
to do run your business out of your
parent's garage do whatever the [__] you
have to to stay in business it is the
person that survives that buys
themselves the time to figure out how to
thrive in the new marketplace because
there's gonna be a whole bunch of things
I won't be able to predict for you so
it's just like me and my own business
I'm telling the team
yo what we need to do is number one stay
alive number two ask the question that
nobody else is asking most people are
panicking they're in fear they're
drowning and so they're not saying
where's the opportunity they're only
looking at all the things that are dying
that they don't want to die the ways of
doing business things that were working
advertising channels that were amazing
and they're so stuck lamenting that or
worrying about what that means to their
lifestyle that they're not willing to
cut to the quick part of the reason that
Lisa and I were able to build Quest was
we cut our salary down to a third of
what we were making and we went back we
were God what in her early 30s and we
went back to what we were making in our
early 20s and we did that we had two
cars we sold one we got down to just one
car it was a beat-up car with a leaky
exhaust I used to have to ask employees
for rides home this is a quest dude I'd
ask my employees to drive me home and
drop me off like literally just pull off
the freeway and just drop me off you'd
have to take me all the way the house
I'll walk the rest of the way because I
was like I have to cut my expenses down
to the quick now I was so ready to do
that that I was able to move quickly
shrink my expenses not need to make a
lot of money which allowed me to
reinvest everything into the company and
that ended up obviously paying huge
dividends but you have to be willing to
admit the realities of the circumstance
to not keep living your baller life like
to just cut it back and it's gonna be
people that do that that are nimble
they're they don't judge themselves by
what clothes they wear or what car they
drive anything like that that they're
just like I'm gonna [__] win whatever
it takes then you're able to see the
opportunities because you stayed in
business awesome man thank you
100% good luck with everything it won't
be easy but it doesn't violate the laws
of physics so it can be done preciate it
I got a man a great night
thanks you too all right we probably
have time for one more here
what is up hello thank you so much for
taking my call of course managing so I'm
I'm good like I'm I'm a CPA by training
I'm I'm a father for happy and all that
stuff
this coronavirus has got me thinking
about like making a change I just don't
know really to what you know like I
could keep doing what I'm doing I'm
gonna be 50 next year I'm I'm very
dedicated to like self-improvement I
listen to all your stuff like I'm very
happy to be talking to you but at the
same time like I'm I'm now like what's
next and so that's that's the question
is like how do you what advice would you
give to somebody who is facing this sort
of situation where it's like okay well
what do I do for the next step because
I've I've had a moment in my life or
where I've had the opportunity to
reflect yeah so you need to take some
time to play so a lot of people have a
sense okay somebody's not right with my
life's not all that it could be but they
don't know where they want to go and
there's not literally nothing to do but
play until you know where you want to go
so you need to figure out what world of
things do you want to be around so it
because it may be that simple right it
may be I'm gonna stay being a CPA but
I'm gonna do it in you know for a
company that is something that I care
deeply about it's just things that I
want to be around you know for me it's
movies video games comic books that kind
of stuff so if I had a whole nother
skill set maybe I would go do that in
that world or it may be that no you
totally want to reinvent yourself and
you don't mind starting low man on the
totem pole
cool whatever it is first you need to
identify what that universe is so that
you can get pointed in the right
direction and if you don't know what
that is either you're not being honest
with yourself and you do know your areas
of interest
remember there's not going to be a
hidden passion there's just going to be
unacknowledged areas of interest go and
engage with one of those areas or if
truly nope I really don't know it isn't
me that I secretly know and I just don't
want to admit I really
No then go play like go explore do a
bunch of different stuff take classes
online like find out what is that thing
that gives you more energy than it takes
and for me the easiest way and this
definitely is me painting with my
worldview but I always ask myself what
is it that I want to be the best in the
world at and there's nothing more
intoxicating for me than going alright
this is a puzzle for me to solve and I'm
gonna go and figure this out better than
anybody else
and I get intoxicated by that notion of
like I so don't have an ego about this
and I know that I'll be so much more
nimble than everybody else
because I'm I'm willing to be honest
with myself about whether or not I'm
making progress
and I know most people can't do that
it's [__] crazy the number of people
that invest and being right or being
smart and I just don't invest like that
so I invest in learning and so I just
end up outperforming other people and
because I so love that process of
winning of learning more learning faster
being more efficient more effective it's
like even if I end up failing
I still love trying to solve that puzzle
that I I just have a great time doing
that and so my obsession around sincere
pursuit right so I'm gonna sincerely
pursue whatever maybe you want to go be
a professional bass fishery scar driver
in the 50 and over a circuit like
whatever it doesn't matter what that
thing is but it's like really getting
into a place where it's like hey this is
the thing I want to fail at doing this
is the thing I want to spend the next 20
years struggling at ultimately fail if
you can say that sentence and be like
this is the thing I want to do you can't
lose you can't lose and then if you're
sincerely pursuing the win then it's
like hey you might actually win because
you're not bullshitting yourself you're
not lying you don't need to win for it
to be a win if that makes sense
it's it's the pursuit it's the love of
that thing it's being immersed in that
world it's finding a way to add meaning
and purpose to the pursuit of that thing
right that's a process you're just gonna
decide I'm here to serve this person
that matters to me whatever you gonna
say that [__] out loud again check out
my mindset 101 class which I think we
still have the link up I can't do more
but so that that is huge going through
that recognizing this [__] as a process
that you won't turn inward and find a
passion
you won't turn inward and find a passion
right so passion is not an
archaeological dig it is an
architectural build and it's going down
that process of building that passion in
your life so it's going to start with
play I've got the toy rack right behind
me so I definitely appreciate all you do
and your advice absolutely man thanks
for coming on everybody at this point I
have to bounce thank you guys all so
much for joining me this is a lot of fun
Jeremy this platform works a lot better
than everything that we have ever tried
before it's amazing
I can see questions coming in which of
course I didn't get nearly enough time
to address but yeah the fact that we've
got you know different peeps coming in
that's really really incredible guys
thank you all so much for joining me
we'll be doing more of these I want to
be as useful as I can to people who are
struggling during the time of kovat so
yeah if you haven't already signed up
for that free it's mindset 101 for free
it's it is a piece of impact Theory
University it's one of my best classes
it isn't just some freebie thing we did
it to sell and we're giving it away for
free now I think it's rad I think it's
some of the best content I've ever
created
check it out you have nothing to lose
but you have to put it to use otherwise
it won't serve you all right everybody
till next time my friends be legendary
take care